---
title: "Folder Structure - Uno Admin"
---

<div class="space-y-4">

# [Folder Structure]{.text-3xl .font-medium}

---

Uno Admin uses Nuxt Layers to provides a powerful system that allows you to extend the default files, configs, and much more.

# [@core]{.text-xl .font-medium}

---

This folder contains the main layers of our template, which is the heart of our architecture, such as:

- <b>@core/base:</b> contains de main template configuraration and user resources.
- <b>@core/auth:</b> contains all implementation for authentication system. Uno Auth use nuxt @sidebase/auth module, [learn more](/docs/authentication){.text-red-500}.

# [@feature]{.text-xl .font-medium}

---

This folder is where you will create your features. This feature can be viewed as “mini” applications which are stitched together to create the “full” application.

Access [create new feature](/docs/new-feature){.text-red-500} for learn more.

# [@assets]{.text-xl .font-medium}

---

The assets/ directory is used to add all the website's assets that the build tool will process.

The directory usually contains the following types of files:

- Stylesheets (CSS, SASS, etc.)
- Fonts
- Images that won't be served from the public/ directory.

If you want to serve assets from the server, we recommend taking a look at the public/ directory.

# [@public]{.text-xl .font-medium}

---

The public/ directory is used to serve your website's static assets.

Files contained within the public/ directory are served at the root and are not modified by the build process. This is suitable for files that have to keep their names (e.g. robots.txt) or likely won't change (e.g. favicon.ico).

Directory structure:

```bash

-| public/
---| favicon.ico
---| og-image.png
---| robots.txt

```

</div>
